_libgcc_mutex             0.1                        main    defaults
_openmp_mutex             5.1                       1_gnu    defaults
absl-py                   2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
accelerate                1.5.2                    pypi_0    pypi
aiofiles                  23.2.1                   pypi_0    pypi
annotated-types           0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
anyio                     4.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi               23.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
arrow                     1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
asttokens                 2.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
async-lru                 2.0.4                    pypi_0    pypi
attrs                     23.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
babel                     2.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
beautifulsoup4            4.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
bleach                    6.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py310h7f8727e_1002    defaults
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7b6447c_0    defaults
ca-certificates           2022.10.11           h06a4308_0    defaults
cachetools                5.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2022.12.7       py310h06a4308_0    defaults
cffi                      1.15.1          py310h5eee18b_3    defaults
charset-normalizer        2.0.4              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
click                     8.1.8                    pypi_0    pypi
comm                      0.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
conda                     22.11.1         py310h06a4308_4    defaults
conda-content-trust       0.1.3           py310h06a4308_0    defaults
conda-package-handling    1.9.0           py310h5eee18b_1    defaults
contourpy                 1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
cryptography              38.0.1          py310h9ce1e76_0    defaults
cycler                    0.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
debugpy                   1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
decorator                 5.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
deepspeed                 0.16.5                   pypi_0    pypi
defusedxml                0.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
einops                    0.8.1                    pypi_0    pypi
exceptiongroup            1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
executing                 2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
fastapi                   0.115.12                 pypi_0    pypi
fastjsonschema            2.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
ffmpy                     0.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.47.0                   pypi_0    pypi
fqdn                      1.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
fsspec                    2023.12.2                pypi_0    pypi
google-auth               2.26.1                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-oauthlib      1.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
gradio                    5.23.1                   pypi_0    pypi
gradio-client             1.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
groovy                    0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.60.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h11                       0.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
hjson                     3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
httpcore                  1.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
httpx                     0.28.1                   pypi_0    pypi
huggingface-hub           0.29.3                   pypi_0    pypi
idna                      3.4             py310h06a4308_0    defaults
ipykernel                 6.28.0                   pypi_0    pypi
ipython                   8.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
ipywidgets                8.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
isoduration               20.11.0                  pypi_0    pypi
jedi                      0.19.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
json5                     0.9.14                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonpointer               2.4                      pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema                4.20.0                   pypi_0    pypi
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1                pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-client            8.6.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-core              5.7.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-events            0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-lsp               2.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server            2.12.2                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyter-server-terminals  0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab                4.0.10                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-language-pack-zh-cn 4.0.post6                pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-pygments       0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-server         2.25.2                   pypi_0    pypi
jupyterlab-widgets        3.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.5                    pypi_0    pypi
ld_impl_linux-64          2.38                 h1181459_1    defaults
libffi                    3.4.2                h6a678d5_6    defaults
libgcc-ng                 11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libgomp                   11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libstdcxx-ng              11.2.0               h1234567_1    defaults
libuuid                   1.41.5               h5eee18b_0    defaults
markdown                  3.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
markdown-it-py            3.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
mdurl                     0.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mistune                   3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
msgpack                   1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nbclient                  0.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
nbconvert                 7.14.0                   pypi_0    pypi
nbformat                  5.9.2                    pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.3                  h5eee18b_3    defaults
nest-asyncio              1.5.8                    pypi_0    pypi
networkx                  3.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
ninja                     1.11.1.4                 pypi_0    pypi
notebook-shim             0.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.26.3                   pypi_0    pypi
nvidia-ml-py              12.570.86                pypi_0    pypi
oauthlib                  3.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
openssl                   1.1.1s               h7f8727e_0    defaults
orjson                    3.10.16                  pypi_0    pypi
overrides                 7.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 23.2                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.2.3                    pypi_0    pypi
pandocfilters             1.5.0                    pypi_0    pypi
parso                     0.8.3                    pypi_0    pypi
peft                      0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pexpect                   4.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.2.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       22.3.1          py310h06a4308_0    defaults
platformdirs              4.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pluggy                    1.0.0           py310h06a4308_1    defaults
prometheus-client         0.19.0                   pypi_0    pypi
prompt-toolkit            3.0.43                   pypi_0    pypi
protobuf                  4.23.4                   pypi_0    pypi
psutil                    5.9.7                    pypi_0    pypi
ptyprocess                0.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pure-eval                 0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
py-cpuinfo                9.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pycosat                   0.6.4           py310h5eee18b_0    defaults
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pydantic                  2.11.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pydantic-core             2.33.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pydub                     0.25.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pygments                  2.17.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyopenssl                 22.0.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pyparsing                 3.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1           py310h06a4308_0    defaults
python                    3.10.8               h7a1cb2a_1    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
python-json-logger        2.0.7                    pypi_0    pypi
python-multipart          0.0.20                   pypi_0    pypi
pytz                      2025.2                   pypi_0    pypi
pyyaml                    6.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyzmq                     25.1.2                   pypi_0    pypi
readline                  8.2                  h5eee18b_0    defaults
referencing               0.32.1                   pypi_0    pypi
regex                     2024.11.6                pypi_0    pypi
requests                  2.31.0                   pypi_0    pypi
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rich                      13.9.4                   pypi_0    pypi
rpds-py                   0.16.2                   pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.9                      pypi_0    pypi
ruamel.yaml               0.17.21         py310h5eee18b_0    defaults
ruamel.yaml.clib          0.2.6           py310h5eee18b_1    defaults
ruff                      0.11.2                   pypi_0    pypi
safehttpx                 0.1.6                    pypi_0    pypi
safetensors               0.5.3                    pypi_0    pypi
semantic-version          2.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
send2trash                1.8.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sentencepiece             0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                65.5.0          py310h06a4308_0    defaults
shellingham               1.5.4                    pypi_0    pypi
six                       1.16.0             pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
sniffio                   1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
soupsieve                 2.5                      pypi_0    pypi
sqlite                    3.40.0               h5082296_0    defaults
stack-data                0.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
starlette                 0.46.1                   pypi_0    pypi
supervisor                4.2.5                    pypi_0    pypi
sympy                     1.12                     pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard               2.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
terminado                 0.18.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tinycss2                  1.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.12               h1ccaba5_0    defaults
tokenizers                0.13.3                   pypi_0    pypi
tomli                     2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
tomlkit                   0.13.2                   pypi_0    pypi
toolz                     0.12.0          py310h06a4308_0    defaults
torch                     2.1.2+cu121              pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.16.2+cu121             pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.4                      pypi_0    pypi
tqdm                      4.64.1          py310h06a4308_0    defaults
traitlets                 5.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
transformers              4.30.2                   pypi_0    pypi
triton                    2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
typer                     0.15.2                   pypi_0    pypi
types-python-dateutil     2.8.19.20240106          pypi_0    pypi
typing-extensions         4.13.0                   pypi_0    pypi
typing-inspection         0.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2025.2                   pypi_0    pypi
ujson                     5.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
uri-template              1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   1.26.13         py310h06a4308_0    defaults
uvicorn                   0.34.0                   pypi_0    pypi
wcwidth                   0.2.13                   pypi_0    pypi
webcolors                 1.13                     pypi_0    pypi
webencodings              0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
websocket-client          1.7.0                    pypi_0    pypi
websockets                15.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
werkzeug                  3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
widgetsnbextension        4.0.9                    pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.2.8                h5eee18b_0    defaults
zlib                      1.2.13               h5eee18b_0    defaults